edits (#187)
skylight-hq/skylight.digital: pages/toolkits/service_design_framework/05_phase_3_strategize.md

Artifacts like the blueprint and customer journey map can also facilitate conversations around findings and alignment around possible solutions. Consider the organization where you’re working and how the people within it consume information. Aim to create and socialize documents that stakeholders rely on and revisit throughout the process, contributing to a shared language around a service and the humans on the other side of it.

> These artifacts set the stage for the main activity during this phase: brainstorming solution ideas and starting to hone in on the best path forward. Solutions can range from product updates to an entire system redesign, which can make them challenging to compare and choose. Focusing on project objectives and weighing which ideas provide the most value can help you prioritize solutions alongside project stakeholders. Activities such as the [Impact/Feasibility Matrix](https://app.mural.co/t/skylight2171/m/skylight2171/1630096635231/3859a5b8d61db2384f0fa2a5e7c8e9af5b499e38?sender=ubabac35f4785db237eae9972) can help you prioritize during a [prioritization workshop](/work/toolkits/service-design-framework/methods/prioritization-workshop/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These artifacts set the stage for the main activity during this phase: brainstorming solution ideas and starting to hone in on the best path forward. Solutions can range from product updates to an entire system redesign, which can make them challenging to compare and choose. Focusing on project objectives and weighing which ideas provide the most value can help you prioritize solutions alongside project stakeholders. Activities such as the [Impact/Feasibility Matrix]({{ site.data.service_design_templates.impact_feasibility_map.url }}) can help you prioritize during a [prioritization workshop](/work/toolkits/service-design-framework/methods/prioritization-workshop/).
```
